'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 1998, 2002 P. N. Hilfinger
.\" All Rights Reserved
.TH NOTE-SUBMISSION 1 "8 Jan 2001"
.SH NAME
note-submission \- Make dummy submissions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B note-submission
[
.B \-d 
.I timestamp
]
.B \-f
.I logins-file
.I assignment-name
.br
.B note-submission
[
.B \-d 
.I timestamp
]
.I assignment-name
.IB login ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The
.B note-submission
program creates empty submissions of a particular assignment for indicated
students.  This allows the grading system to be aware of non-electronic
(paper) submissions, so that it can, for example, notify graders of them, and
distinguish missing submissions from ungraded ones.
.LP
The logins for the submissions to be entered may be specified on the 
command line (second form) or taken from a file (with the
.B \-f
option).  In the latter case, the first word of each non-blank line of 
.I logins-file
should be a valid login for the class.  Invalid login names and blank
lines are ignored.
Also, no new submissions are created for any login that already has a 
submission for the indicated assignment.
.LP 
As with ordinary electronic submissions,
the system records each submission with a timestamp that is, by 
default, the current time.   You may instead specify it explicitly with
.BR \-d ,
in which case 
.I timestamp 
has either the form 
.I mm/dd/yyyy
or 
.IR mm/dd/yyyy:hh:mm .

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.BI \-f logins-file
Indicates a file that contains logins to be given a submission, one per
line.
.TP 12
.BI \-d timestamp
Time stamp to use in place of current time.  Format is either mm/dd/yyyy or
mm/dd/yyyy:hh:mm.

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.LP
This command returns 0 in the absence of anomalies, 1 if there are problems.

.SH IDENTIFICATION
Author: Paul N. Hilfinger.  
Copyright \(co 2001
