'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2001, 2009 P. N. Hilfinger
.\" All Rights Reserved
.TH REPORT-LATENESS 1 "22 Dec 2009"
.SH NAME
report-lateness \- Compute late hours for given assignments
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B report-lateness 
[
.B \-h 
] 
[
.B \-d 
.I TIME
]
[
.B \-a | \-A
] 
[
.B \-X
]
[
.B \-w 
.I HOURS[,...]
]
.I ASSIGNMENT
.br
.B report-lateness 
[
.B \-h 
] [
.B \-s
] 
[
.B \-w 
.I HOURS[,...]
]
[
.B \-X
]
.IB ASSIGNMENT ...
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The
.B report-lateness
program
outputs information about when the given assignments were handed in,
relative to their due dates.  With 
.BR -d ,
uses 
.I TIME
as the due date (as
for the -due options in parameter files, using the form
mm/dd/yyyy:HH:MM, where ':HH:MM' defaults to '23:59').  Otherwise,
uses the -due time specified for each assignment in the parameter
file. 
.LP
By default, gives the past-due time (in hours) of the latest
submission of each late assignment.  
With 
.BR -a , 
lists the past-due times (in
hours) of all late submissions of each assignment for each student.
With 
.BR -A , 
lists  the times of \fIall\fP submissions of each assignment for
each student, flagging late submissions.  With each of these listings,
successful submissions (those passing all tests) are also marked with a
'+' and unsuccessful ones with a '-'; untested submissions have no
mark.
.LP
With 
.BR -s , 
lists the total late time (in hours) of the 
latest submissions for each student, summing over all listed assignments.
.LP
With 
.BR -w , 
waives up to 
.I HOURS
hours of lateness for the listed assignments.
When there are multiple 
.I HOURS 
listed (call them 
.I HOURS1, 
.IR HOURS2,... ), 
waives up to 
.I HOURS1
hours of lateness for the first listed assignment, 
.I HOURS2 
plus any unused waived hours from 
.I HOURS1 
for the second assignment,
and so forth.  
.I HOURSi 
defaults to 0 if not given.
.LP
Instructors may modify the due dates and times of individual students on
individual assignments, and report-lateness will use these exceptions
in the absence of the -X option.  To make an exception, add a line of the 
form

    ASSIGNMENT  LOGIN  DATEANDTIME

to the file deadline-exceptions in the main grading directory.  DATEANDTIME
has the same format as the 
.B \-d 
option.  These exceptions take precedence over
both 
.B \-d
and the time specified in the params file (in the absence of 
.BR \-X ).


.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 12
.B \-a
Produce a list of all late submissions.
.TP 12
.B \-A
Produce a list of all submissions.
.TP 12
.BI \-d " time"
Use \fItime\fP as the due date and time.  Its format is MM/DD/YYYY:HH:MM.
.TP 12
.B \-s
Sum lateness for each student.
.TP 12
.BI \-w " hours1,..."
Waive up to a total of \fIhours1\fP of lateness for the first and subsequent 
assignments, plus \fIhours2\fP for the second and subsequent, etc.
.TP 12
.B \-X
Ignore deadline-exceptions file.

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.LP
This command returns 0 in the absence of anomalies, 1 if there are problems.

.SH IDENTIFICATION
Author: Paul N. Hilfinger.  
Copyright \(co 2001, 2009
