.ds p \&\s-1SUBMIT\s0
.if n .ds - \%--
.if t .ds - \(em
.if !\n(.g \{\
.	if !\w|\*(lq| \{\
.		ds lq ``
.		if \w'\(lq' .ds lq "\(lq
.	\}
.	if !\w|\*(rq| \{\
.		ds rq ''
.		if \w'\(rq' .ds rq "\(rq
.	\}
.\}
.de PE
.sp \\n()Pu
.ne 2
.nf
.IP
..
.de EP
.fi
.PP
.sp \\n()Pu
..
.TH SUBMIT 1
.SH NAME
submit \- Submit an assignment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B submit
[
.B \-fb
]
[
.B \-u
.I login
]
[
.B \-t
.I team
]
.I assignment-name

.SH DESCRIPTION (FOR USERS)
The 
.B submit
command packages a set of files in the current directory and sends
them to an appropriate account for grading. 
The
.I assignment-name
operand must be one of a set of recognized assignment names.  Each assignment
carries with it some set of path names, relative to the current directory,
or files that must be present and submitted.  These files are submitted 
automatically.  
The command will also prompt about each of the other
files in (or under) the current directory, and will include any you
indicate in the submission.
For assignments that involve partnerships, the \fB\-t\fP argument can specify
the name of a team, or else the 
command will prompt for the logins of all partners and include these in the 
submission.
.PP
After you have selected all files and 
.B submit 
has performed any submission tests indicated for the assignment,
it 
packages the selected files and transfers them to an pre-set grading
account.
The \fB\-b\fP ('batch') argument asks no
questions, but submits all possible, unrejected files.  With \fB\-f\fP, 
.B submit
ignores the results of any sanity check.
.PP
The \fIlogin\fP argument allows instructors to submit something on behalf of
a student with the given login id.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.BI \-u "  login"
Use \fIlogin\fP as student's login.  Only instructors may use this.
.TP
.B \-b
Batch mode.  Asks no questions.
.TP
.B \-f
Force acceptance even when sanity check fails.
.TP
.BI \-t " team"
Use the logins registered in 
.I team
as the submitters.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bug-submit (1)

.SH IDENTIFICATION
Author: Paul N. Hilfinger.  
Copyright \(co 1998, 2002, 2006, 2007, 2009

