'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 1998, 2001, 2005, 2009, 2012 P. N. Hilfinger
.\" All Rights Reserved
.TH ENTER-GRADES 1 "23 May 2012"
.SH NAME
enter-grades \- Submit a grade report 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B enter-grades
[
.B \-F
]
.I ASSIGNMENT-NAME
.br
.B enter-grades 
[
.B \-F
.B |
.B \-c
]
.B \-f
.I INPUT-ROSTER
[
.I ASSIGNMENT-NAME
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The
.B enter-grades
program
submits a roster of grades or individual grades entered at the terminal to the
grading system.
It first checks the consistency of the submitted roster (with \fB-c\fP, 
check only without submitting).  
.LP
With the
.B \-f
option, the roster is taken from a file
.IR INPUT-ROSTER .
Entries in this file have the form
.RS 10
.I "login name score comments"
.RE
where 
.I login
is the login of a student, or the name of a team,
.I name 
is ignored (but may be used as a check),
.I score
is the numeric score, and
.I comments
consists of arbitrary text.  Only the
.I comments
field may have embedded blanks.  
Anything in a comment that follows a "//"
(C++-style comment symbol) is hidden by glookup unless specifically
requested.
Lines with fewer than three fields are 
ignored.  The 
.B make-grade-file
produces a blank roster (without scores) in this format.
When inputting grades from a file, 
.B enter-grades
will try to guess the assignment name from the file name in this case, if 
it is not supplied.
.LP
Without the 
.B \-f
option, the command prompts for input from the keyboard (also checking its
correctness) and submits the result.
.LP
To enter grades for students who don't submit (e.g.,
partners) or for whom you are not officially responsible, precede
the login with a + (plus) sign.  If you override a previous grade
with a different one, you will get notified and prompted; using -F
usually suppresses this check and enters any overriding grade without
prompting.  However, if ONLY_INSTRUCTORS_OVERRIDE is set to 1 in the
grading params file, readers other than instructors are NOT allowed to
override other readers' grades, regardless of the setting of -F.
Entering '---' for a  grade deletes any previous grade (rather than simply
overriding it).


.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.B \-c
Check grades only without submitting.
.TP
.BI \-f " grade-roster"
Name of file containing grades.
.TP 
.B \-F
Force acceptance of overriding grades, if permitted.

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.LP
This command returns 0 in the absence of anomalies, 1 if there are problems.



.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR make-grade-file (1).

.SH IDENTIFICATION
Author: Paul N. Hilfinger.  
Copyright \(co 1998, 2002, 2005, 2009, 2012
