'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 1998, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2008, 2012 P. N. Hilfinger
.\" All Rights Reserved
.TH glookup 1 "27 Jul 2012"
.SH NAME
glookup \- Look up grades
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glookup
[
.B \-hl
] [
.B \-d 
.I dir
] [
.B \-s
.I assgn1,assgn2,...
[
.B \-b
.I size
] [
.B \-F
.I field
] [
.I user
]
.br
.B glookup \-a
[
.B \-f
std|csv
] [
.B \-d 
.I dir
] 
.br
.B glookup \-t
[
.I user
[
.I assgn
] ]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The
.B glookup
command prints the currently recorded grades for 
.IR user ,
which may either
be a login (possibly abbreviated by leaving off the standard class prefix,
which by default is the class master login followed by a hyphen)
or a student's name (in either the form "\fIlastname\fP" or
"\fIlastname,firstname\fP", where \fIfirstname\fP is a prefix of the
student's recorded first name).  By default, \fIuser\fP is the current
login.  Assignments that have neither been turned in 
nor graded are marked "---", and those that have been recorded as 
turned in but not yet graded are marked "***".  Portions of the readers'
comments that follow the separator "//" are suppressed, unless \fB-l\fP
(long form) is supplied.
.LP
Only authorized accounts can specify an argument other than the
current user.  The alternative form,
.TP
       glookup \-a
.LP
dumps all students' scores, one per line, with a leading line of title.
This form does not include graders' 
identities or notes.  It, too, is allowed only to authorized users.
With the optional 
.B \-f
argument, it will output in either standard (space-separated) form 
(the default) or CSV (comma-separated value) form for export to spreadsheet
programs.
.LP
With \fB-s\fP, prints statistics concerning the assignments listed,
including mean, mode, quartiles,
histogram, and the rank of 
.IR login 's
score(s) (when there is more than one assignment listed, the quantity analyzed
is the sum of those scores).  The \fB-b\fP option controls the 
size of the histogram's buckets.  The \fb-F\fP option specifies a field that,
if missing, causes a score not to be counted in the statistics (the final
is a typical choice).

.LP
The \fB-t\fP form lists assignments that have been turned in for 
.I user.
The optional
.I assgn
argument restricts output to the indicated assignment.
.LP
The \fB-d\fP option specifies the alternative grading directory 
.I dir 
as the one
in which to look for grades. That is, it should be a "grading" directory,
such as usually sits in the home directory of the master account.
This option makes it easy to inspect a directory from a previous year 
for grades.  Only authorized accounts can use this option (specifically, 
the account must have read access to the "hidden" grading files.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.B \-a
Dump all grades.
.TP
.BI \-b " size"
Use buckets containing
.I size
scores for the histogram (used with \fB-s\fP).
.TP 
.BI \-d " dir"
Use 
.I dir
as the alternative grading directory.
.TP 
.BR \-f " csv|std"
Generate output from
.B \-a 
in standard (default) or CSV format.
.TP
.B \-l
Long form; includes more information.
.TP
.BI \-s " assignment"
Generate statistics for 
.IR assignment .
.TP
.B \-t
Report on assignments turned in.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR make-grade-book (1),
.BR grade (1)

.SH IDENTIFICATION
Author: Paul N. Hilfinger.  
Copyright \(co 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2012

